Team Activity - Lists of Numbers
Team Activity Overview
For this assignment you need to meet with your team and work together to help each person on the team understand the concepts.

Instructions
Ask the user for a series of numbers, and append each one to a list. Stop when they enter 0.

Once you have a list, have your program do the following:

Core Requirements
Work through these core requirements step-by-step to complete the program. Please don't skip ahead and do the whole thing at once, because others on your team may benefit from building the program up slowly.

Compute the sum, or total, of the numbers in the list.

Compute the average of the numbers in the list.

Find the maximum, or largest, number in the list.

The following shows the expected output:


Enter a list of numbers, type 0 when finished.
Enter number: 18
Enter number: 36
Enter number: 2
Enter number: 48
Enter number: 6
Enter number: 12
Enter number: 9
Enter number: 0
The sum is: 131
The average is: 18.714285714285715
The largest number is: 48
Stretch Challenge
Have the user enter both positive and negative numbers, then find the smallest positive number (the positive number that is closest to zero).

Sort the numbers in the list and display the new, sorted list. Hint: There are python libraries that can help you here, try searching the internet for them.

The following shows the expected output after completing the stretch challenges:


Enter a list of numbers, type 0 when finished.
Enter number: 3
Enter number: 5
Enter number: 7
Enter number: 3
Enter number: 2
Enter number: -1
Enter number: -4
Enter number: -8
Enter number: 0
The sum is: 7
The average is: 0.875
The largest number is: 7
The smallest positive number is: 2
The sorted list is:
-8
-4
-1
2
3
3
5
7
Sample Solution
When your program is finished, please view the sample solution for this program to compare it to your approach.

You should work to complete this team activity for the one hour period first, without looking at the sample solution. However, if you have worked on it for at least an hour and are still having problems, you may feel free to use the sample solution to help you finish your program.

Sample solution (core requirements and stretch challenges): Sample Solution